README.md, before:

# SpiralLab.Sirius Library

**1. Descriptions**

 SuperEasy library for Control for Scanner and Lasers
 
[![](http://img.youtube.com/vi/pc70q_jc1Yw/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pc70q_jc1Yw "SpiralLab.Sirius Library Demo")


 
**2. Features**

 - support SCANLAB's RTC5, RTC6, RTC6 Ethernet multiple products. 
 - support RTC control with 3x3 matrix stack operation.
 - support RTC field correction with easy to use.
 - support unlimited vector data by RTC controller automatically.
 - support RTC's MOTF(marking on the fly) option and sky-writing functions are enabled.
 - support many kinds of commerical laser sources (to the future...)
 - support laser power control with varios methods (like as analog, digital, frequency, pulse width modulation)
 - support entities : line, arc, LW polyline, rectangle, circle, true type font, spiral, trepan, group for multiple entities and layers.
 - support powerful undo/redo actions.
 - support Dxf/HPGL file format importer and sirius custom file format.
 - support 1 source(single document data), multiple view windows.
 - support customizable and extensible laser source and marker interface.
 - support laser path visualizer and simulator.
 - support all vector data are explodable by every lines and arcs.
 - support group entity with repeatable and reversible laser process.
 - support vary laser parameters with special entity called 'Pen' (frequency, pulse width, power(watt), scanner speeds, laser delays, sky writing , ...)
 
 ![sirius1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/58460570/70033764-74db8080-15f3-11ea-9e54-75b868e7d5ae.png)  
 
  
**3. How to use ?**

 - Development Environment : .NET dll library with x32/x64 
 - Add spirallab.sirius.dll file as user control into Microsoft Visual Studio.
 - There are 2 winforms controls (Sirius.EditorForm and Sirius.ViewerForm)
 - There are multiple demo programs in DEMOS directory

![sirius3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/58460570/70033763-74db8080-15f3-11ea-926d-447ac6739d72.png)
 *The program running about 10 minutes in evalution copy mode !*
 
 
**4. Author**

 - hong chan, choi (labspiral@gmail.com)                           
 - homepage : http://sepwind.blogspot.com                        
 - git repository : https://github.com/labspiral/sirius.git
 - Please send email to me to use commerically.
  
![sirius2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/58460570/70033762-7442ea00-15f3-11ea-8788-2aae70ceacf8.png)


**5. Version history**

 - 2019.12.3  v0.1 first release
 - 2019.12.10 v0.2 support HPGL(plt) file / Marker with scanner rotated angle / Spirallab Identifier program / IPen interface

Commit message:

updated) v0.3  - support MOTF (marking on the fly), XL-SCAN (syncaxis) by additional dlls  - added correction files and folder  - added) motf, syncaxis demo projects

README.md, after:

# SpiralLab.Sirius Library

**1. Descriptions**

 SuperEasy library for Control for Scanner and Lasers
 
[![](http://img.youtube.com/vi/pc70q_jc1Yw/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pc70q_jc1Yw "SpiralLab.Sirius Library Demo")


 
**2. Features**

 - support SCANLAB's RTC5, RTC6, RTC6 Ethernet multiple products. 
 - support RTC control with 3x3 matrix stack operation.
 - support RTC field correction with easy to use.
 - support unlimited vector data by RTC controller automatically.
 - support RTC's MOTF(marking on the fly), XL-SCAN(SyncAXIS) and sky-writing functions.
 - support many kinds of commerical laser sources (to the future...)
 - support laser power control with varios methods (like as analog, digital, frequency, pulse width modulation)
 - support entities : line, arc, LW polyline, rectangle, circle, true type font, spiral, trepan, group for multiple entities and layers.
 - support powerful undo/redo actions.
 - support Dxf/HPGL file format importer and sirius custom file format.
 - support 1 source(single document data), multiple view windows.
 - support customizable and extensible laser source and marker interface.
 - support laser path visualizer and simulator.
 - support all vector data are explodable by every lines and arcs.
 - support group entity with repeatable and reversible laser process.
 - support vary laser parameters with special entity called 'Pen' (frequency, pulse width, power(watt), scanner speeds, laser delays, sky writing , ...)
 
 ![sirius1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/58460570/70033764-74db8080-15f3-11ea-9e54-75b868e7d5ae.png)  
 
  
**3. How to use ?**

 - Development Environment : .NET dll library with x32/x64 
 - Add spirallab.sirius.dll file as user control into Microsoft Visual Studio.
 - spirallab.sirius.motf.dll, spirallab.sirius.syncaxis.dll are optional
 - There are 2 winforms controls (Sirius.EditorForm and Sirius.ViewerForm)
 - There are multiple demo programs in DEMOS directory

![sirius3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/58460570/70033763-74db8080-15f3-11ea-926d-447ac6739d72.png)
 *The program running about 10 minutes in evalution copy mode !*
 
 
**4. Author**

 - hong chan, choi (labspiral@gmail.com)                           
 - homepage : http://sepwind.blogspot.com                        
 - git repository : https://github.com/labspiral/sirius.git
 - Please send email to me to use commerically.
  
![sirius2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/58460570/70033762-7442ea00-15f3-11ea-8788-2aae70ceacf8.png)


**5. Version history**

 - 2019.12.11 v0.3 support MOTF(Marking On The Fly), XL-SCAN  (SyncAxis) by optional dll.
 - 2019.12.10 v0.2 support HPGL(plt) file / Marker with scanner rotated angle / Spirallab Identifier program / IPen interface
 - 2019.12.3  v0.1 first release
